DAY OF THE BARNEY


Mrs. Thompson kissed her two children, Jenny and Robby, and sat them before
the television set.  Their eyes widened and gleamed as the picture faded in,
revealing the one who had become a dear and cherished friend over the last few
months.  Mrs. Thompson smiled at their captivated wonder, and went to the
kitchen to prepare dinner.  As she readied the vegetables for stir-fry, she
peered into the living room and watched the blubbery, purple dinosaur prance
and roll across the screen.

"Silly fat reptile," she muttered, and went back to her preparations.

If Jenny and Robby were annoyed by her remark, they made no sign of it.
Instead, they listened and watched in rapt attention to Barney the Dinosaur,
who was being broadcast live from the nation's capitol.  The plaza was filled
with thousands of wide-eyed youths, who wriggled and squirmed for a closer
look at the Purple One.  Off to the wings, the green dinosaur known as
Baby Bop giggled and preened, occasionally blowing a kiss to the children in
the crowd.
Finally, following a light song and dance about sharing, Barney sauntered up
to the podium and spoke:

"Hello, all my friends out there! I'm so happy you could make it to my special
concert.  Have I told you lately how much I love you?"

Children world-wide simultaneously burst, "I love you too, Barney!"

The Purple One giggled and for a moment appeared to blush.  "Love is such a
wonderful thing.  Especially the love you and I share for each other.  I also
want you to know how much of a special friend you are to me.  Are you my
friend also?"

The response was thunderous, rising from the kids in the plaza, across the
living rooms scattered across the nation.

"YES!!!"

"Well, that's wonderful!" reeled Barney.  "But do you know what, kids?  I have
something really, really sad to tell you."  He sighed, letting his immense,
dead eyes roll to the floor. "Not everyone is Barney's friend....some people
don't even want you to be my friend."

Protests and cries began to rise collectively within the entranced mass.  The
Beast of Purple quieted them with a raise of his hand.  He continued:

"There are people who don't want me to love you, and want to take you away
from me.  These people are very bad, and want to hurt your loving friend
Barney.
S
ome of them  may be people who are very close to you.  But do you know what?"

The audience of children silently yet anxiously awaited the answer.  An unholy
stillness had fallen upon the crowd.  Many of the adults began to feel
isolated, targeted.....unwelcome.

"None of them, not a single one, loves you as much as I do.  I'm your only
real friend in the world.  I really love you, I do!  But these bad people
don't.

Some of them may be your neighbors.  Some of them may be your teachers. And
some of them....."

"Who, Barney, who?!?" shrieked a young girl from a barricade.

"...some of them may be _your_ parents!"

Immediately the children began yelling and crying, their teeth and fists
clenched in rage.  Security guards who had been trying to keep the children
back behind the lines began to fidget uneasily, as the sea of wide-eyed,
growling, gurgling children began rising against them.  Some guards broke
from the line and ran down the street, screaming hysterically.  Others tried
to push the youngsters back but were pulled in by grasping, clawing hands.

The cries were horrible.

One guard, as he was being simultaneously crushed and pulled apart by the
mindless horde, looked back upon the stage.  The Purple One and his green
sidekick were laughing and dancing demonically about the platform, which was
now spattered with blood and torn clothing.  Next moment the world went dark
and the guard was lost forever amidst the torrent of violence and unholy
chanting...

        I love you, you love me.....let me have your family.....with
        a quick stab or kick, we'll set the children free....don't you
        know you were meant for me.....

Mrs. Thompson finished washing the vegetables and figured either Jenny or
Robby could take out the trash.  She walked out into the living room only to
notice the children were gone and the TV station was giving a dull, whining
tone and a test pattern.

"Jenny?  Robby?  Are you here anywhere?"

Perhaps they've gone outside, she thought.  She returned to the kitchen and
looked upon the counter.  Her tinsel-steel paring and slicing knives were
gone.
But they were there just a moment ago, she thought.  Then, just as a flash of
steel slashed across her legs and another just above her waist, she heard a
muffled giggle and caught a glimpse of purple and green out the corner of her
eye.  She collapsed into a pile of her own entrails and blood, her life
seeping onto the tile.  As the world faded to a lifeless grey, she heard a
familiar tune sung by two familiar voices...

        "I love you, you love me, let us join with Lord Barney...with
        a great big kiss and hug, from me to you....let's purge the
        world of adults too...."

Mrs. Thompson stopped breathing.

                        DAY OF THE BARNEY II: AFTERMATH

Chapter One: Thirteen
**********************************

Jeremy Phillips awoke to the sound of rumbling thunder, and for a moment,
reeled in fright.  The sky above was a turbulent black mass, occasionally lit
by a silver flash of lightning.  His fear quickly abated when he
remembered his Barney doll lying beside the pillow.  He firmly tucked it under
his chin, rolled back under his dingy green blanket, and slept on the cave
floor with several hundred other children in the cavern.

As he snuggled close to his purple plush companion, he began to think back how
he came to know Barney.  It all began so many years ago, in a time completely
unlike the one he lived in now.  He remembered the television show, the
feature-length movies and videos, the merchandise, and the ever-assuring
presence of the best friend a kid could ever hope for.  Most of this happened
before the Great Act of Love.

The Great Act of Love was defined by some as a cataclysm, though these were
the skeptics.  Jeremy had actually heard an adult call it a holocaust, though
he never understood what the word exactly meant.  All he remembered was one
weekend afternoon, and a call to duty that raised the voices and arms of
thousands of children to purge the world of a menace that threatened the peace
and love between Barney and the children.

They killed every adult they could find that day.

Barney had planned it well.  He knew for a long time how all the adults of the
world were trying to keep him and the children apart.  Instead of giving in,
the Purple One arranged a live, satellite-broadcast concert presented from the
nation's capitol.  The turnout was enormous, as Jeremy remembered it.  Across
the country, wide-eyed children gaped at the screen in awe and joy at the
antics of the fat purple dinosaur and his companion, Baby Bop.  Then, in a
wise and calculated fashion, the one known as Barney unleashed his will upon
the world, calling attention to those who opposed him.  Every child carried
out the Great Act of Love, as it would soon be called, without hesitation or
remorse.

The night turned blood red, broken by the screams of adults.  By dawn however,
a blissful serenity had settled upon the carnage.

Jeremy wasn't sure what happened next.  That was all six years ago.  Or was it
seven?  He was so much younger then.  He did know that Barney and Baby Bop
came again to unite all the children, and took them under his care and
guidance.

They told stories and played games with the children, and gave each and every
child a Barney doll and blanket.  The videos were shown every day, and though
the children were left to forage for their own food, it was plentiful because
of the vast fields of grain Barney raised with the help of his nameless
faceless servants, known as the Loved Ones.

Jeremy had never known of or seen a Loved One until well after the Great Act
of Love.  They were mysterious creatures, who spoke no language and
communicated in curious grunts and coos.  They were squat, bulky creatures
donned in purple and green robes.  They frequented the caverns and tunnels
that laced the landscape.  Jeremy often saw them scampering about with their
wooden torches, often carrying odd bundles up to the lair of Barney and
Baby Bop.  They weren't as loving or caring as Barney.  As a matter of fact,
they practically avoided all interaction with the children.

The other group Jeremy knew of were the Bad Ones.  The Bad Ones were simply
adults who had survived the initial slaughter stemming from the Great Act of
Love.  No one was sure how many had survived, but Barney and Baby Bop assured
everyone that they were evil, and would come in the night and put poisonous
spiders under your pillow if you so much as looked at one.  This frightened
the children immensely, and Jeremy hoped to God (Barney?) that he never met
any.

But despite all the talk of Loved Ones and Bad Ones, Jeremy cared most for his
group, known as the Special Friends.  The Special Friends was an inclusive
group, for any young child could be a Special Friend.  Barney had deemed this
early on, and it was a title every child of the caverns carried with true
pride.

Jeremy was especially proud this evening.  This was the last day he would be
twelve-years-old.  Tomorrow, he would be thirteen.  Actually, so would his
twin sister Fran, and his best friend since second grade, Cameron.  It was
well
known that it was a very special day indeed when a Special Friend turned
thirteen.  The three of them were to see Barney tomorrow night, for a "special
gift".  What it would be, no one knew.  No one ever came back to tell anyone
else....

                                * * * * * * * *

"What do you think we'll get?" asked Fran, as they walked up the glistening
cold steps.

"I don't know," replied Jeremy.  "Maybe we'll get a life-size Barney doll!"

"No, it's got to be better than that," said Cameron, adjusting his thick
glasses and lanky red hair.  "If no one comes back, it means maybe we're going
on a vacation, maybe to Hawaii or China!"

The three of them hoped that the Loved One clambering ahead of them would say
something, but it simply gurgled and kept climbing up the crude rock
stairwell.  It clutched its torch with a thick, leathery glove.

"I'll bet it is a vacation!" squealed Fran, the excitement rising in her
voice. "I hope we get to choose, I want to go to Europe, that's where
mom always-"

Fran caught herself.  Ever since the Great Act of Love, no child was to ever
mention their parents.  While it made Fran sad, she wouldn't want to hurt
Barney's feelings.  He loved her just as much as her mom and dad ever did.
Even more, he said.

The three children talked excitedly among themselves as they climbed the
immense stairwell.  Finally, they came upon a landing which opened out to a
great open plain.  Jeremy was the first to notice the bizarre sight ahead.  He
let out a short gasp, which drew the attention of Fran and Cameron.

Across the wide plain stood an ornate building, many stories high, and
shrouded in thick ivy.  It was apparent that this building was once white, but
had been sloppily repainted in varying shades of purple and green.  Great
flocks of birds flew amidst the rubble, and scores of automobiles littered
the landscape, rusting and shattered.

Cameron was the first to identify the structure.  It was the nation's capitol.

The Loved One sensed the children's awe and squealed at them.  The children
followed, their gaze still locked on the grotesquely painted building.  When
they got to what was formerly the White House, they again reeled in amazement.
The whole structure was painted in the same fashion as the capitol, the steps
flanked by torches and statues of Barney.  The children entered the building,
and the huge armored door swung shut behind them.

                        * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Hello, all my friends!  Happy thirteenth birthday to you!"

The fat purple dinosaur giggled and wobbled over to the three children.  He
gave each one a warm, enveloping hug.  The children reacted joyfully, and
cried, "We love you Barney!"

"And I love you too.  I'm so happy to be with my Special Friends.  Especially
on such an important day!  Let's sing a song!"

The children and Barney sang "Happy Birthday" several times, and danced around
the room that was once called the Oval Office.  From a darkened corner, a
small ensemble of Loved Ones played the music, on poorly tuned and rusty
instruments.

The children didn't mind.  They were here with their very best friend, Barney.
And who could forget....

"Baby Bop!  There you are!"

The green, baby-eyed dinosaur scampered into the room, holding three-small
birthday cakes.  "I'm here. Oooohhh, I just _Loovveeee_ parties!"  She
proceeded to hug the children and incited them to blow out the candles on
their cake.  When they did, she ecstatically jumped for joy and squealed with
delight.  The children blew out their candles and gorged themselves on the
cake.  Within minutes, they had eaten every last crumb.

Children's enthusiasm has no limit.  It came to no one's surprise when the
children asked about their Special Gift.  Barney and Baby Bop both laughed
warm-heartedly.

"But of course you'll get your Special Gift!  How could we forget that?" said
Barney, folding his arms over his immense abdomen.  "Baby Bop, how about
taking Fran to see her surprise?"

"Gladly!" squealed Baby Bop.  "Come with me, Fran, you're just gonna love this
one.  It's every young girl's dream come true!"  And with that, she took Fran
by the hand and led her hurriedly out of the room.  Fran could barely get a
chance to look back at the two boys and wave goodbye.  The next moment she and
the bubbly green dinosaur were gone.

The two boys were puzzled, but excited.  "Barney, you mean Fran gets a
different Special Gift than us boys?" asked Jeremy.

"Why yes she does, Jeremy.  But don't worry, your gift is just as special.
All I want you to do right now is hold very still."  The next moment Barney
took a thick slab of charcoal and wrote "13" on the boys' foreheads.  He then
nodded to the Loved Ones in the corner, and they left the room with their
instruments.

Only one Loved One remained, and he brought a cloth-wrapped bundle to the
Purple One.  "Okay, Jeremy and Cameron, I want you to kneel on the floor and
close your eyes.  Then I'll give you your Special Gift!"

The two boys looked at each other, but both believed in Barney.  Why would he
do something bad to them?  They kneeled on the floor and closed their eyes.
Both began wondering what they would be getting.  A ticket for a jet ride?  An
envelope filled with money?  The possibilities were staggering to a young
child's mind.

From behind them, the boys heard Barney unwrap the bundle.  A moment later,
there came a curious sound, the sound of metal chafing against leather.

Something wasn't right.

Jeremy flung himself forward, just as a swishing noise came down upon him.  He
hit the floor hard, and he heard Cameron hit the floor alongside him.  He
opened his eyes and stared at Cameron.  His head was chopped off.

Jeremy screamed in terror, and in his fright rose to his feet and ran straight
into a wall.  He hit with tremendous force and he felt the wind knocked out of
him.  He fell back on the floor, and stared into the severed head of his best
friend since second grade.  He screamed again, and looked up at Barney,
wielding an immense, blood-stained machete.  The fat squalid reptile looked
back with a puzzled look.

"Why Jeremy, you weren't supposed to peek!  When you play a game, you should
always play by the rules.  Rules are what makes a game work."  Barney giggled
and motioned with his arm.  "Now come back here and close your eyes.  It'll be
fun!"

"You....you killed..C-C-Cameron!" cried Jeremy, tears running down his face.
"You-you're gonna kill me too!"

"Why Jeremy, why would I do that?  Cameron's not dead, he's just playing a
pretend game!  If you had played the game right as he had, you'd be having fun
pretending like he is!"

Jeremy stared back at the lifeless head of Cameron.  A small trickle of blood
flowed out of his nose, and his thick glasses were shattered.  Smeared around
the dead boy's mouth was pink frosting.  Sensing Jeremy's fear, the Purple one
returned the machete to its sheath and gave it back to the Loved One.

"There, Jeremy.  I've put the scary knife away.  I'm sorry I scared you.  I'm
sure Cameron is sorry too.  Now come on back here.  I'm not going to hurt you,
Jeremy.  Don't you know how much I love you?"

"I...I....I love you too...Barney" muttered Jeremy, his eyes still locked upon
the battered head on the floor.  He slowly rose up, and began walking
towards the bloated purple dinosaur.

"There, there, Jeremy, we'll still have fun," said Barney in a motherly tone.
He extended his chubby arms towards the child.  "I'm not going to hurt you...
I'm not going to hurt you...."

Jeremy walked between Barney's arms and rested against his fat belly.  The
Purple One wrapped firmly behind the boy, gently stroking his sandy hair.

"...I'm going to kill you!"

The next instant the arms locked onto the boy's neck, plump purple talons
digging into his throat.  Jeremy tried to scream, but the air was cut off and
he could only thrash about wildly.  Barney began giggling again, and as he
proceeded to strangle the child, sang a lullaby:

        I love you, you love me....let me kill you Jeremy....in another
        moment you'll be gone....then my power will continue on....

Jeremy's tongue and eyes bulged tremendously, his feet kicking sporadically.
Lights flashed before his eyes, and all he could see in between was the wide,
moronic grin and lifeless eyes of the gigantic purple beast choking him.  His
lungs were bursting, and a roaring sound rushed through his ears...

The next thing he knew, he was on the floor, gasping for air.  He looked up
and saw the fat bloated beast curled next to him, moaning in pain.  He must've
kicked Barney in a good spot, to have rendered him powerless.  Jeremy began to
crawl away, when he noticed the Loved One unsheathing the machete and
scampering towards him.

Jeremy quickly picked himself up and ran out the door.  The Loved One paused,
then dropped the machete and tended to Barney, who was still writhing on the
floor in pain.  Another time, perhaps.

                                * * * * * * *

Jeremy ran blindly through the hallway, he'd been here a long time ago when
adults still occupied the building.  He and his parents had been here on a
tour, and true to a child's memory, he could remember a back entrance that
would take him to safety, hopefully.  Behind him he heard the muffled cries of
Loved Ones, who were obviously chasing him.  He knew immediately that he could
outrun them all.

When he tried the back lock, Jeremy found it to be open.  He flung the door
and ran out onto a back terrace.  Through the darkness, he ran across an odd,
lumpy surface.  It was almost like running on a field covered with
cantaloupes.  It wasn't until he got on the far edge of the surface that he
began to realize what the surface was.

They were heads.

Jeremy had never seen a more unholy, dark sight.  In the silver rays of the
moon above, Jeremy looked upon the hundreds of skulls that littered the
terrace area.  He gaped, dumbfounded at the scene, and kept running and
running until he had cleared the last head by a wide distance.

He was now in the ruins of a city, empty and quiet like a tomb.  Jeremy looked
back at the sinister silhouette of the capitol building and wondered how soon
Barney and the Loved Ones would be out, searching for him.  He began to fear
for his sister Fran, and wondered what "Special Gift" she had been given by
Baby Bop.  All the time, his mind raced back to what he had seen crudely
scrawled onto each head, and of his own age, the age of impending adulthood:

Thirteen.
